Aura CLI usage guide (#622)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/aura-cli/auradb-instances.adoc

More information is available in the Aura documentation for link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/classic/platform/security/encryption/[Encryption].
We advise you to read this before continuing.
The Aura CLI allows management of this feature with these commands:

* `create` - allows Aura to use the key defined in your Cloud Key Management System.
* `delete` - removes the permission for Aura to use a key. This makes all data encrypted with that key inaccessible.
* `list` - lists already defined CMEKs.
* `get` - detailed information about an individual CMEK.

=== Create

To use this command, you must have created your custom managed key in your cloud provider's Key Management System (KMS) and configured its permissions correctly.
This is explained in the Neo4j AuraDB documentation under link:https://neo4j.com/docs/aura/classic/platform/security/encryption/[Encryption].

[source, shell]
----
aura-cli customer-managed-key create --tenant-id YOUR_TENANT_ID --type AURADB_TYPE --region CLOUD_REGION_OF_THE_AURADB_INSTANCE --name YOUR_CUSTOM_KEY_NAME  --key-id YOUR_CUSTOM_KEY_ARN --cloud-provider YOUR_CLOUD_PROVIDE_THAT_HAS_THE_CUSTOM_KEY
----

=== Delete

> This command executes immediately, resulting in a loss of data access by any AuraDB which is using the CMEK.
> Use with caution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that his command executes immediately, resulting in a loss of data access by any AuraDB which is using the CMEK.
Therefore, use with caution:
```

A paused AuraDB instance incurs a lower cost per hour than when it is running.
Pausing AuraDB instances when they are not in use and resuming them when needed is an effective mechanism for cost control.

=== Pause

[source, shell]
----
aura-cli instance pause YOUR_INSTANCE_ID
----

=== Resume

[source, shell]
----
aura-cli instance resume YOUR_INSTANCE_ID
----

== Snapshots

A snapshot is a copy of an AuraDB instances data at a specific point in time.
It can then be restored with the `overwrite` command of the Aura CLI.

=== Create

An instance must be running for a snapshot to be created:

[source, shell]
----
aura-cli instance snapshot create --instance-id YOUR_INSTANCE_ID
----

=== List

All of the snapshots for an AuraDB instance are returned in the response.

[source, shell]
----
aura-cli instance snapshot list --instance-id YOUR_INSTANCE_ID
----

=== Get

To obtain the details for a single snapshot, use the `get` command:

[source, shell]
----
aura-cli instance snapshot SNAPSHOT_ID --instance-id YOUR_INSTANCE_ID
----

## Overwrite

You can overwrite the content of one AuraDB instance with the content of another while leaving the configuration as is.

> However, the destination storage must be large enough.
> Use a snapshot of the source AuraDB instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requires that the destination storage is large enough.
You use a snapshot of the source AuraDB instance for this operation.
```
